a checklist for submitting data.
When you're ready to submit your data set to a repository like FRDR,
ensure it is well prepared for reuse by others.
Here's a quick checklist to guide you.
Folders and files are organized.
Use a clear and logical structure.
Align it with community standards when possible, or at least with common sense.
Files contain consistent and descriptive naming conventions.
Ensure that anyone looking at your data set can understand what each file is and how it fits into the larger structure.
You have prioritized open file formats.
Choose formats that are widely accessible and support long-term preservation, such as CSV for tabular data or TIFF for images.
Documentation is sufficient.
Included detailed read and file, relevant metadata, and any code books needed to understand and reuse the data.
By following these steps, you not only comply with best practices, you also increase the visibility, impact, and reproducibility of your work.